
# IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PersistentVolumeSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accessModes** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | AccessModes contains all ways the volume can be mounted. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes |  [optional]
**awsElasticBlockStore** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AWSElasticBlockStoreVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AWSElasticBlockStoreVolumeSource.md) | AWSElasticBlockStore represents an AWS Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore |  [optional]
**azureDisk** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AzureDiskVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AzureDiskVolumeSource.md) | AzureDisk represents an Azure Data Disk mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. |  [optional]
**azureFile** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AzureFileVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1AzureFileVolumeSource.md) | AzureFile represents an Azure File Service mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. |  [optional]
**capacity** | **Map&lt;String, String&gt;** | A description of the persistent volume&#39;s resources and capacity. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#capacity |  [optional]
**cephfs** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1CephFSVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1CephFSVolumeSource.md) | CephFS represents a Ceph FS mount on the host that shares a pod&#39;s lifetime |  [optional]
**cinder** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1CinderVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1CinderVolumeSource.md) | Cinder represents a cinder volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md |  [optional]
**claimRef** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ObjectReference**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ObjectReference.md) | ClaimRef is part of a bi-directional binding between PersistentVolume and PersistentVolumeClaim. Expected to be non-nil when bound. claim.VolumeName is the authoritative bind between PV and PVC. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#binding |  [optional]
**fc** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FCVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FCVolumeSource.md) | FC represents a Fibre Channel resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. |  [optional]
**flexVolume** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FlexVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FlexVolumeSource.md) | FlexVolume represents a generic volume resource that is provisioned/attached using an exec based plugin. This is an alpha feature and may change in future. |  [optional]
**flocker** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FlockerVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1FlockerVolumeSource.md) | Flocker represents a Flocker volume attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and exposed to the pod for its usage. This depends on the Flocker control service being running |  [optional]
**gcePersistentDisk** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1GCEPersistentDiskVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1GCEPersistentDiskVolumeSource.md) | GCEPersistentDisk represents a GCE Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. Provisioned by an admin. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk |  [optional]
**glusterfs** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1GlusterfsVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1GlusterfsVolumeSource.md) | Glusterfs represents a Glusterfs volume that is attached to a host and exposed to the pod. Provisioned by an admin. More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/volumes/glusterfs/README.md |  [optional]
**hostPath** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1HostPathVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1HostPathVolumeSource.md) | HostPath represents a directory on the host. Provisioned by a developer or tester. This is useful for single-node development and testing only! On-host storage is not supported in any way and WILL NOT WORK in a multi-node cluster. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath |  [optional]
**iscsi** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ISCSIVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ISCSIVolumeSource.md) | ISCSI represents an ISCSI Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet&#39;s host machine and then exposed to the pod. Provisioned by an admin. |  [optional]
**local** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1LocalVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1LocalVolumeSource.md) | Local represents directly-attached storage with node affinity |  [optional]
**nfs** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1NFSVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1NFSVolumeSource.md) | NFS represents an NFS mount on the host. Provisioned by an admin. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs |  [optional]
**persistentVolumeReclaimPolicy** | **String** | What happens to a persistent volume when released from its claim. Valid options are Retain (default) and Recycle. Recycling must be supported by the volume plugin underlying this persistent volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#reclaiming |  [optional]
**photonPersistentDisk** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PhotonPersistentDiskVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PhotonPersistentDiskVolumeSource.md) | PhotonPersistentDisk represents a PhotonController persistent disk attached and mounted on kubelets host machine |  [optional]
**portworxVolume** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PortworxVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1PortworxVolumeSource.md) | PortworxVolume represents a portworx volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine |  [optional]
**quobyte** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1QuobyteVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1QuobyteVolumeSource.md) | Quobyte represents a Quobyte mount on the host that shares a pod&#39;s lifetime |  [optional]
**rbd** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1RBDVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1RBDVolumeSource.md) | RBD represents a Rados Block Device mount on the host that shares a pod&#39;s lifetime. More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/volumes/rbd/README.md |  [optional]
**scaleIO** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ScaleIOVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1ScaleIOVolumeSource.md) | ScaleIO represents a ScaleIO persistent volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. |  [optional]
**storageClassName** | **String** | Name of StorageClass to which this persistent volume belongs. Empty value means that this volume does not belong to any StorageClass. |  [optional]
**storageos** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1StorageOSPersistentVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1StorageOSPersistentVolumeSource.md) | StorageOS represents a StorageOS volume that is attached to the kubelet&#39;s host machine and mounted into the pod More info: https://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/examples/volumes/storageos/README.md |  [optional]
**vsphereVolume** | [**IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1VsphereVirtualDiskVolumeSource**](IoK8sKubernetesPkgApiV1VsphereVirtualDiskVolumeSource.md) | VsphereVolume represents a vSphere volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine |  [optional]



